These liinal paintings kind of feel like
they might be holding a dark secret, but
I had no idea where they would actually
end up leading me. They bring me back to
those early days of Minecraft when
despite the deep loneliness and almost
eerie feeling of the empty world, there
were these small moments of beauty and
such an endless curiosity for what
mysteries the environment might hold.
The artist is named Joji, and I was
immediately drawn to the recurring
themes of super flat worlds and strange
village generation present in his work.
This kind of thing has been my daily
backdrop while playing in my super flat
survival world over the last 13 years,
and it's come to bring me a strange sort
of comfort. This one really reminds me
of sleeping underneath all of my
terraforming projects. I reached out to
him, hoping to support his work by
commissioning a piece of my super flat
world. So, I sent him my world file and
soon he began sending back sketches of
various spots in my world. But something
just clicked when he took inspiration
from this Monae painting to create this
sketch of my main tower. After I gave it
the thumbs up, it took a little while to
see the finished product, but the result
was so worth it. I just knew I had to
get it printed on canvas. I was so
excited when I picked it up because I
had the perfect spot in my living room
to hang in. Waking up and walking out of
my bedroom to see this incredible work
of art is just the best reminder of how
far this little Minecraft world has
taken